# Contents of r2.py

This script uses the multiprocessing and os modules to automate the deployment of files and scripts to a list of remote servers, and execute them on each server in parallel.

Here is a step-by-step explanation of the script:
<ul>
<li>The <b>run_script()</b> function takes in three parameters: <u><i>ip</u></i>, <u><i>username</u></i>, and <u><i>password</u></i>. This function is responsible for deploying the required files and scripts to the remote server, and executing the <b>script.sh</b> and <b>nfs.sh</b> scripts on the server. It uses the os module to run the necessary scp and ssh commands to transfer the files and execute the scripts on the remote server.</li>

<li>The <b>ips</b> list contains the IP addresses of all the remote servers that the script will be executed on.</li>

<li>The <b>username</b> and <b>password</b> variables are used for SSH authentication.</li>

<li>The <b>ThreadPool()</b> function from the multiprocessing.pool module is used to create a thread pool with a number of worker processes equal to the number of servers in the ips list.</li>

<li>The <b>pool.starmap()</b> function is called with the run_script() function and a list of tuples containing the ip, username, and password for each server. This function maps the run_script() function to each element of the list of tuples, and executes them in parallel on each server.</li>

<li>Once all the scripts have been executed on all the remote servers, the script prints the message "Script executed on all IP addresses."</li>
</ul>

The <b>requirements.txt</b> file is a list of Python packages that are required for the running the model.
<b>script.sh</b> is used for setting up the enviromnet and <b>nfs.sh</b> is used for setting up the nfs server on an ip.